fix(curriculum): correct Step 67 description in Cafe Menu workshop (#69357)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-cafe-menu/5f459cf202c2a3472fae6a9f.md

# --description--

> Notice how the thickness of the line looks bigger? The default value of a property named `border-width` is `1px` for all edges of `hr` elements. The total height has been `5px` since Step 64, where the `height` was set to `3px` on top of the default `1px` borders. Recoloring the border in this step only made the existing edges visible; it did not change the total height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how the thickness of the line looks bigger? The default value of a property named `border-width` is `1px` for all edges of `hr` elements. The total height of the line has always been `5px` (`3px` plus the top and bottom border width of `1px`); coloring the border made those edges visible.
```
